Open Code Project License v1.0
Copyright (C) The Open Code Project, 2021. Some rights to this
license text are reserved (more information below).

1. This License

1.1. This license text is available for free on the Open Code Project
website at https://opencodeproject.org. If you have paid for this 
license text, you should ask for your money back, and let us know by
sending an email to licenses@opencodeproject.org.

1.2. The Open Code Project hereby grants you a perpetual,
non-exclusive non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free
license to use, distribute, share, broadcast, publicly display, and
otherwise make available this license text under the following
conditions:

    a) you may not charge anyone to receive a copy of this license,
       or any code or project this license applies to;
    
    b) you may not claim affiliation or partnership with the Open
       Code Project, use its trademarks, or use and of its brand
       assets without express consent of the Open Code Project; and
    
    c) you may not modify the wording of this license without the
       prior written permission of the Open Code Project.

*********************************************************************
* You may receive a copy of this license, or use it in your own     *
* projects free-of-charge by visiting the Open Code Project's       *
* website at: https://opencodeproject.org. Happy coding!            *
*********************************************************************

1.3. Whilst this license text is provided by the Open Code Project
free-of-charge, such supply of this license text does not constitute
the creation of an attorney-client relationship, which we will not
and cannot be a part of. The Open Code Project does not provide legal
advice. If you are in doubt of the restrictions, obligations, or
terms this license's text entails, you should seek independent,
professional legal advice.


2. Introduction

2.1. This Open Code Project License (the "License") is designed to
protect your rights regarding open software, and protect the authors
of such open software from being harmed.

2.2. The "Licensor" is the person, organization, company, or other
type of entity licensing the Work to you.

2.3. The "Work" is the program, piece of software, binary code, or
Source Code that this License protects.

2.4. The term "Source Code" refers to any preferred form of the Work
for making modifications or changes to it, and any and all available
documentation describing how to modify the Work, as optionally
published by the Licensor or one of its affiliates.

2.5. Text surrounded by asterisks ("*") are to be considered
additional information, and do not constitute a part of the License.
In addition, they are not legal advice.

2.6. If you do not understand any part of this License, you are
hereby requested to seek independent legal advice before agreeing.


3. Licensing 

3.1. Subject to clause 3.2, the Licensor hereby grants you a
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable license, for
the duration of the Work's copyright protection to:

    a) use, copy, adapt, share, distribute, modify, translate,
       integrate, transmit, reproduce, broadcast, perform and
       publicly display the Work, including for commercial reasons.

3.2. However, the following conditions apply:

    a) when transmitting, sharing, distributing, or otherwise making
       the Work available, you must disclose the source of which you
       received the work (such as providing the name of the Licensor,
       or a public link to the Work's official code repository link
       at which the Work can be found);
    
    b) that you must disclose any modifications that you make to the
       Work when transmitting, sharing, distributing, or otherwise
       making the Work available, including in larger or combined
       works, in a reasonable manor;

    c) that, upon request from any member of the public (including
       any entities such as corporations), make the source code of
       the Work available, including any modifications you have made
       to the Work;
    
    d) transmitting, transferring, distributing or making the Work,
       or any modifications or part of the Work, available over a
       computer network, such as the internet, is classed as
       distribution;
    
    e) bundling or including this Work as a bundled library,
       extension or plugin is classed as distribution of the Work;
       and
    
    f) that, unless expressly told or permitted otherwise by the
       Licensor, you may not claim endorsement or affiliation with
       the Licensor, or use any of the Licensor's registered
       trademarks.

3.3. This License does not restrict use of the Work that is protected
under applicable 'fair use' laws or regulations.


4. Attribution

*********************************************************************
* Writing software and programs takes time, so the Licensor would   *
* like to be credited for the time and effort they have put into    *
* the creation of this software.                                    *
*********************************************************************

You must retain any and all copyright, trademark or License notices
in the Work, including in its Source Code. Any subsequent works,
including larger works, that you include any Source Code of the Work
in must include a notice that discloses the source of the Work.


5. Warranties

THE WORK IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THIS INCLUDES THE
WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. USE OF THE WORK IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO
YOU OR ANY THIRD PATY FOR ANY WARRANTY CLAIMS RELATED TO THE WORK.


6. Liability

To the maximum extent allowed by law, the Licensor shall not be
liable to you or any third party for:

    a) any loss of profit;

    b) any loss of revenue, anticipated savings or goodwill; or
    
    c) any indirect or consequential loss.


7. Governing Law

This License is governed by the laws of the Licensor's main place of
residence or business, irrespective of any issues or conflicts. Any
action or suit related to this License against the Licensor must be
brought only in the courts of the aforementioned jurisdiction.


8. Severability

8.1. If any part of this License is found to be invalid, void or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction (as set out in
clause 7), the License shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent
necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such
modification is not possible or is illegally unfair, the relevant
part shall be deemed deleted.

8.2. Any modification to or deletion of a part or section pursuant to
paragraph 8.1 shall not effect the validity and enforceability of the
rest of this License.

8.3. Modifications to this License which are made by a court shall
not constitute an edit of the Open Code Project Public License v1.0
or any similar license text offered by the Open Code Project.
